This directory contains the SCSS files for this project. When you need to make changes to style sheets, this is where it should happen, not in `css`; those files are auto-generated, and changes you make there will be overwritten next time webpack is run.

To rebuild assets, run `npm run build`.

A breakdown of what is contained in this directory:

## _variables.scss

This flie defines all SCSS variables used in the project. Many of these variables are overrides of Bootstrap variables. See `node_modules/bootstrap/scss/_variables.scss` for variables that are available to override and their default values.

Some variables may be [SCSS maps](https://sass-lang.com/documentation/values/maps). It is recommended to read up on them if you are not familiar.

## bootstrap_custom.scss

This file is the webpack SCSS entry point for creating a custom Bootstrap build. It is responsible only for importing `_variables.scss` above, and then Bootstrap itself. It should not need to be changed. The resulting compiled file generated by this entry point is `/static/css/bs4.bundle.css`

## _mixins.scss

This file should typically contain all the [SCSS mixins](https://sass-lang.com/documentation/at-rules/mixin) for a project.

## Extensions of Bootstrap components

If you need to change or extending the styles of built-in Bootstrap components (e.g. cards, modals, pagination, etc.) beyond overriding `_variables`, these styles should be placed in a `.scss` file with a name that corresponds to the Bootstrap component's file in `node_modules/bootstrap/scss/`. 

For example, there is a  `_card.scss` example seen in this directory

## components/ directory

This folder is for custom component styles that are built by us and *not* related to Bootstrap (e.g. a switch/toggle). Each component should be placed in its own file.

## base.scss

This is the webpack entry point for `base.bundle.css`. The intention of that file is to be included on *all* pages of the project, so only imports and styles that are truly necessary *everywhere* should go in this file.

First, it imports all the Bootstrap extension styles mentioned above, then any custom components that should be available throughout all pages of the website. After the imports, it may define further SCSS rules available to all pages (these are typically generic utility classes like `.strikethrough` or `.nowrap`).

## public/ directory and other "site segment" directories

Ideally, each page of a typical project ends up with `<link>` elements for a maximum of three generated `.css` files.

```
bs4.bundle.min.css
base.bundle.min.css
[segment].bundle.min.css
```
The first two are included on every page (thus should be loaded on first request, then cached by the client browser). The third is for styles specific to the "segment" of the website the user is currently using. A typical site might have three segments, `public` for its publicly-accessible pages (landing page, login page, password reset pages), `user` for its client-facing pages behind a login wall, and `admin` for administrative backend pages.

Any directories added in this `scss` directory should represent site segments, and follow the example of `public/`. Site segment directories must have a `main.scss` that serves as the Webpack entry point for that segment; it is responsible for importing all the desired styles for that segment. 
